---
title: "About Taiwan"
type: page
date: 2023-04-03T22:06:59+08:00
---

{{< figure
src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/7a/Taiwan_NASA_Terra_MODIS_2022-07-21.jpg/722px-Taiwan_NASA_Terra_MODIS_2022-07-21.jpg"
width="330px" alt="Taiwan picture from NASA" class="fright" >}}

Taiwan is located in East Asia, and its main island, also known as
_Ilha Formosa_, is divided into mountain ranges covering its eastern
two-thirds and plains spreading across the western third, with the
Tropic of Cancer crossing it. Taipei is situated in the north, while
Kaohsiung will host ILAS2025 in the south. The weather during your
visit in June will be warm and comfortable, with seasonal winds and
monsoon rains that offer a pleasant cooling effect.

From the marvels of nature to humanity's accomplishments, Taiwan
offers an array of world-renowned tourist attractions. In the north,
Taipei 101 held the record for being the tallest building in the world
(from 2004 to 2009), and the Yehliu Geopark is famous for its unique
rock formations, particularly the Queen's Head rock. In the south,
Kenting National Park's infinite white-sand beaches draw thousands of
tourists each year. The Alishan sunrise and the Taroko Gorge are
awe-inspiring in the east and the west, respectively. The central part
of Taiwan is characterized by towering mountain ranges, with Yushan as
the highest peak, and Sun Moon Lake, the largest body of water. Each
island of Taiwan beyond the main island has its unique stories and
beauty, such as the blue tears in Matsu and sea turtles around Lambay
Island.

{{< taiwan-photos >}}

Taiwan is also renowned for its cuisine, featuring local delicacies
such as bubble tea, dumplings, and many more, available everywhere,
from restaurants to street vendors and night markets.

Taiwan is home to people from diverse backgrounds, creating a rich
cultural tapestry. This diversity extends to the way we live and how
we host the conference.

For more information, visit [Taiwan's Tourism
Website](https://eng.taiwan.net.tw/) and
[TaiwanPlus](https://www.taiwanplus.com/).

Let us help you [plan your trip](travel/) to Taiwan today!

