---
title: "The 26th Conference of the International Linear Algebra Society"

description: "June 23 ~ 27, 2025 âˆž Kaohsiung"
cascade:
  featured_image: 'https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/e7CtgHftw7YT5EzvcklPKnxT_vSZZFfpQvLT2yFMlshBe9T1UsTgbq4sKHboFDLmZ4JSJjnwZuX9gYs0jPWNhithxkLvqxYKLLsAbISPwJmr5ptAtRjgd8b47Gx0NhfejFHU1XthBWW2Dbw9KWzDV8RElDu1n7-bjhqWVpfAtJ1v6PoBub1HUtFhFCyQNeTjpcd-5lFFKdBtxF-Qg6WakSiPgQdBF11m-5sgVnVDL62SfFV5M_7Jv5joocRAs6uTGAUfXaonSs_SqsF3ht6MEhV1iL5sQKFJDahNHbetHHZWAWjGpg1q1yE_0dhXCr0RtHFSgTDGWUYKxAua7hzpT1WiBF0Af4whhMD9blBloVY6TE9bGnzmlJrkLbgHEP9p4iYx3SrmRrRSnhcfv2DA-0WgKr9wWF8bc8MC5zfshs6b46eJ6-X6BATyHj3Fqx-MXyVZBe0K8Ja5GSW--Le0UhvfdSHCKY4dzHYt7cSX4AHP7ojl3cwnxxRMjK49V2Qrpw7kkGUub_w_LA-74noi_jrX0aKXoPc6EJB16lc1Mqzw-YOQKzpXuFHW7BDR5L6l9PrKS-2Rtay-p9lxrXfuaqoVgFPvlVmyo28wk1QTqGe4knysLL3v1nCEoKrn7oit1tyDXOHFXW9xll5rRFo24jBhlR0bpo38w3HU-o0y9iZmMpjE3fLgYv_ddd0OssxmPL6xCvbrfuxnDrZmDFj2WzJcK9T54sRIDb7RBC2CqpCQlhrpmBSTj6qkS9vnrJuxlQSGZKnJDFvNTx-NNewZxlFm1Pz5s84NOy5Z-MVtOQDTiq3m2o71aDOSF9MC78dD-qmXpe5jlod1l7-tqmQDhIYzKuhThrznPzi9WNO8pNdyKMdpo76Im0y-uvzA168xOdhg-D2wvvL7ixkceUrGWQdqvMHNNpewr351WC6iudhnrnZMqQ=w1400-h933-s-no?authuser=0'
---

Welcome to the ILAS2025 website!  Here we offer information to help
you to learn more about [Taiwan](taiwan/) and to [plan your
trip](taiwan/travel/).  We look forward to seeing you in 2025!  

### About the conference

Linear algebra, a fundamental subject in mathematics, boasts a
multitude of applications across various domains.  The theory of
positive definite matrices, for instance, plays a pivotal role in
operator theory and quantum information.  Matrix decompositions offer
essential tools for image processing, noise reduction, and data
science.  Combinatorial matrix theory has deepened connections between
graph theory, enumeration, and matrix theory.  More than these, linear
algebra finds its presence in numerous disciplines and remains an
active area of research.


The [International Linear Algebra Society](https://ilasic.org/) (ILAS)
is a global professional organization solely dedicated to scientists,
professionals and educators interested in Linear Algebra and its
Applications.  You may [join the ILAS
membership](https://ilasic.org/join-ilas/) to enjoy the reduction of
the registration fee and support the community.  Since its inaugural
conference in 1989, ILAS has successfully hosted conferences in
various cities worldwide, and you can find the complete list of past
events [here](https://ilasic.org/conferences/).  The primary objective
of the conference is to unite researchers working in
linear-algebra-related fields and those utilizing linear algebra in
their respective careers.  It serves as a platform to foster
discussions, inspire new theories and techniques, and promote
advancements in the field.  Researchers from any discipline connected
to linear algebra are encouraged to participate, including coding
theory, combinatorial matrix theory and spectral graph theory,
computational science and numerical linear algebra, data science,
matrix positivity, nonnegative matrices, operator theory, quantum
information, random matrices, representation theory, tensor theory,
and more!


The conference will feature opportunities for the submission of
mini-symposia proposals and contributed talks, allowing participants
to actively engage and share their research.  To stay informed about
important updates, we recommend subscribing to
[ILAS-NET](https://ilasic.org/ilas-net/), where the latest news and
announcements will be disseminated.

Join us at the conference as we delve into the fascinating world of
linear algebra and explore its diverse applications. We look forward
to your participation and the invaluable insights you will bring.
